feat(changelog): containers-added-ipv6-for-containers 2024-11-21 (#4018)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/november2024/2024-11-21-containers-added-ipv6-for-containers.mdx

---
title: IPv6 for Containers
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-containers channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-11-21
category: serverless
product: containers
---

> Serverless Containers are now compatible in IPv6 environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Containers are now compatible with IPv6 environments.
```
